Martin’s iPhone: Hello.
Magalie Marcellus: Hi. I didn't think you're a comment. I didn't get any confirmation. So
Oh,
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, I don't know, maybe I missed that.
Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Sorry.
Magalie Marcellus: I know I saw things going with you.
Martin’s iPhone: I'm not too bad sign. This is acting up a little bit today just seems like comes and goes.
Magalie Marcellus: Right.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah yeah
Magalie Marcellus: I noise.
Martin’s iPhone: No, I'm inside well during the day here and there have been outside, but I've just been in a really very dirty apartment that might be part of it. The dust level and did a lot of cleaning those past couple days.
Martin’s iPhone: Uh huh. Yeah, I've worked outside, too, but it seems like you know I'm not sure what it is I have seasonal allergies. I don't know if it's combination of the dust and
Martin’s iPhone: outdoor stuff too. I know that every time I smell something nice like cut grass or anything like
That
Martin’s iPhone: Are getting stuffed up or the opposite Ronnie.
Magalie Marcellus: Ronnie.
Magalie Marcellus: And are you taking anything for that.
Martin’s iPhone: I have to take flow nasal make no
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So does that help
Martin’s iPhone: YEAH, EVERY ONCE IN A WHILE, I TAKE A Roger Roger dine.
Martin’s iPhone: Allergy
Magalie Marcellus: allergy medicine.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so how are things with you or with them everything going on in the world.
Martin’s iPhone: Well, not too bad.
Martin’s iPhone: Hasn't really affected me so much as it has, you know, a lot of people in bigger cities and things
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah areas have too much fear.
Martin’s iPhone: We're, we're practicing all the world's, you know, the social distancing six feet apart, most of the places right like plexiglass up down in front of the register.
Martin’s iPhone: Like that.
Martin’s iPhone: Kind of a little bit different, different because like now when I go in for a party at the hardware store somewhere. I have to wait for another customer come out sometime
Magalie Marcellus: Is a long lines so places.
Martin’s iPhone: We've been very lucky in this town you seems like just the right amount of storage per people and things
Martin’s iPhone: We don't really have to wait in line mature, you know, other than you know 10 people or so, at the max in front of you.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm sorry. Give me one second. I just need to respond to something quickly.
Magalie Marcellus: Or quick
Magalie Marcellus: That's I'm just channel.
Magalie Marcellus: So,
Magalie Marcellus: What's been happening since the last moment, I'm just trying to get some
Magalie Marcellus: Background
Magalie Marcellus: While
Martin’s iPhone: I'm working working a lot now.
Magalie Marcellus: Doing Wyatt.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, I'm doing making slow down. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Really
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah. Now, now it's Mon Mon and maintenance and
Martin’s iPhone: Another person wants to have live, put it in outside like electrical outlet
Magalie Marcellus: inside that building, you talk about
Martin’s iPhone: No, just kidding.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, this one's for somebody at hardware store, one of the one of the cashiers
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, okay.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, she asked me if I could do it. I gave her an estimate kind of
Martin’s iPhone: Place would be
Magalie Marcellus: So I'm getting customers on the hardware store. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. Do you have cries or anything like that. So,
I'm good. No.
Martin’s iPhone: No, just because right now without doing much other than working for a few a few of the people that I'm working with, I'm already full schedule. I'm like,
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, at least 30 hours a week now so
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, wow. So you're
Magalie Marcellus: Missing. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So hi, you making sure that you're not getting exposed to though everything going on.
Martin’s iPhone: Um, I have gloves for when I go into
Magalie Marcellus: Different places and
Martin’s iPhone: I have mass, but I don't really
Martin’s iPhone: Use it.
Martin’s iPhone: And I use
Martin’s iPhone: Hand sanitizer.
Martin’s iPhone: Lysol wipe, things like that, when we get groceries and
Martin’s iPhone: Just make sure you practice the
Martin’s iPhone: Social justice, and most of all.
Magalie Marcellus: And your work with my son long
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, it's pretty much me the one guy that I do work where he pretty much goes to work.
Martin’s iPhone: Go straight home you know
Martin’s iPhone: He's been trying to take care of yourself too.
Martin’s iPhone: So, I mean,
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, we're trying to get not to get too worried to
Magalie Marcellus: Be able to do
Magalie Marcellus: Some more it. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: I mean, it's the symptoms could be as mild as a as a flu.
Magalie Marcellus: It all depends. Right.
Martin’s iPhone: It does. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: And with the
Magalie Marcellus: Your girlfriend any everybody in the house or any concerns.
Martin’s iPhone: Know we take vitamins. Every morning I drink muscle milk at night and she drinks, lots of Vitamin C packing.
Martin’s iPhone: packing them.
You know, just
Magalie Marcellus: Some time in system.
Magalie Marcellus: She's gonna work.
Martin’s iPhone: Yep, she's been working, she's on 80 hours this week so
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, wow. Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: Since visits. Oh.
Martin’s iPhone: YEAH, SHE'S BEEN TRYING TO PLAY SOME KETCHUP people she wanted to
Martin’s iPhone: You know, get some extra hours and
Magalie Marcellus: Things like that. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, she's on 80 hours with one day in between right now and
Magalie Marcellus: I fell out of time.
Magalie Marcellus: And I'm
Magalie Marcellus: Used any concerns with your recovery any issue that
Magalie Marcellus: Kind of concerns or something that happened that I need to know the last time we met.
Magalie Marcellus: Trey good any any
Magalie Marcellus: Either Cravens thoughts.
Martin’s iPhone: Um no I mean everyone to I have some thoughts and
Martin’s iPhone: You know the cravings are still there, but
Magalie Marcellus: And so how you handle those thoughts when they come around.
Martin’s iPhone: I try to stay busy.
Martin’s iPhone: And also take time for myself.
Martin’s iPhone: I have a garden plan, a great now will have everything ready to be planted but nothing's planted in the garden, you have crystal waiting a week or so.
Martin’s iPhone: Try to get through the frost season. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: I still call them.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, yeah. Tonight chances Snowden night so
Martin’s iPhone: I bought snow. Yeah, it's crazy.
Martin’s iPhone: Oh, I was always
I was always like this.
Martin’s iPhone: Up until May even sometimes will get snow. It's great.
Magalie Marcellus: long winter.
Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: But we can also have, you know, 60 7080 degree days for weeks at a time.
Martin’s iPhone: And just have one day. One day where it's
Martin’s iPhone: Really cold in the 40s 30s and then it jumps back up and that'll happen all the way till June.
Martin’s iPhone: But by June, July, August,
Martin’s iPhone: Sometimes into September, October, but usually have a good pretty quick from
Martin’s iPhone: summer through fall and then the winner.
Martin’s iPhone: Some winners. We don't have any snow. It's weird. I have a foot of snow. The winter before or
Magalie Marcellus: By the so called oh
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, it always gets cold is always a spell between
Martin’s iPhone: Middle of January summer.
Martin’s iPhone: It'll get below zero here.
Martin’s iPhone: I just kind of have bought. Yeah, we have all the weather, sometimes three out of four seasons in a day. It's weird.
Magalie Marcellus: And that's how people get sick. Sometimes
Magalie Marcellus: So many changes with the weather.
Magalie Marcellus: Looking for something. When you do a survey recently for us.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, the physical server.
Magalie Marcellus: Wow, regular customer service survey. Just take a look
Magalie Marcellus: So also making sure that your treatment plan is up to date.
Magalie Marcellus: Now has gone over
Martin’s iPhone: Pretty good. We have a small group. Now it seems like we went from
Martin’s iPhone: Six or eight people. Yeah, down to
Martin’s iPhone: Maybe 545 people sometimes
Magalie Marcellus: It's done. Even though Right, yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: A couple different faces.
Martin’s iPhone: But you know me.
Martin’s iPhone: Gerard and his wife, Gerald, and there's a few others that are on there, but pretty much
Smaller faces.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I don't remember some of the people's names.
Martin’s iPhone: I guess we have seven or eight people but seems like it's small. Some weeks web and the current viruses doing a lot of it to, you know, it's making people not just shift, but also worried sick, you know, so
Magalie Marcellus: That's why some programs they seen their patient more often because people are getting anxious and they just want to talk to someone you know and and that's a goal. You know, we don't want what's going on. So get anyone to go into relapse because of all that anxiety that's happening.
You
Martin’s iPhone: Know that people socially, you know, normally that go out me
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: They're probably really having a hard time right now.
Martin’s iPhone: And then there's other people that
Martin’s iPhone: Do this kind of stuff all the time. No problem. Two
Magalie Marcellus: Days. So it's right.
Magalie Marcellus: So those are not enough. Yeah, so
Martin’s iPhone: You're really on it.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I mean, you're really only is trapped is what you make it sometimes unless
Martin’s iPhone: Unless you're in like Italy or somewhere where they are locked down
Martin’s iPhone: The street, you can't be out of the WiFi or something, you know, India, I think it is, does that. So we're lucky here we can
Martin’s iPhone: Go out and do
Martin’s iPhone: Pretty much. And if they thing indoors, it would still that would be really hard for a lot of people here, they
Magalie Marcellus: Hadn't been able to in the house at all.
Magalie Marcellus: Right, you
Martin’s iPhone: Know, hopefully, by doing saying, and hopefully we can bring the spike way down and ended soon, you know, not draw it out for another six months.
Magalie Marcellus: Right, it means
Martin’s iPhone: Something different.
Magalie Marcellus: And something
Martin’s iPhone: Has a little bit more freedom than others, based on what's going on with it.
Magalie Marcellus: With us
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, even like Chicago, New York City.
Martin’s iPhone: I've been to Time Square. So I've seen how busy it is there.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: I know when you see it in the on the news with barely
Magalie Marcellus: Any solo on there. It looks the scenes really eerie. Yeah. Yep. Yes. Yes. Any questions.
Magalie Marcellus: The sense that standstill right now.
Martin’s iPhone: Unfortunately, yeah. Yeah.
Okay.
Martin’s iPhone: The city can do that, you know, you wouldn't think city could slow down.
Magalie Marcellus: Especially, New York, right, everything goes through there, but
Magalie Marcellus: You know things we cannot thank audible even conceive. Those things are happening right now. So it's actually take it a day at a time. I'm just looking at the
Magalie Marcellus: survey that was back in December, we might have discuss it, maybe we didn't, but I just want to make sure that it was
Magalie Marcellus: The customer service survey, one of the question. And again, sometimes people just for whatever reason, select the one
Magalie Marcellus: The box. So whichever number. So I just want to confirm if there's anything that we needed to address or to help you with one of the room.
Magalie Marcellus: The server question. It says a model of help if you weren't satisfied or how satisfied are you with the amount of help you, we see on the program you selected one which is like the lowest. So was there anything that the program can do to get it to a higher
Magalie Marcellus: Or was something going on, or was it a one.
Magalie Marcellus: Miss. Miss answer. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: It must have been a mistake answer. I don't think I had anything
Magalie Marcellus: I don't take I did balance back in its back in the summers. You know, it's a little while back.
Magalie Marcellus: Just cool
I know you guys go back
Martin’s iPhone: I must, I must admit it. I read it wrong or either just did market rate for some reason.
Magalie Marcellus: And I noticed a trend on law if it's something the widow survey in some created. But yeah, a lot of time that questions gets Miss answers. So just have to make sure it's done properly.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, it could be a glitch in the system to could be
Martin’s iPhone: Saying no no yes or something, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: So why would have been the
Magalie Marcellus: Actual lead in that should give that answer the hassle for someone so core
Martin’s iPhone: How helpful is is this to me. Stephanie how
Magalie Marcellus: How satisfied are you with the model that you've received
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I'm very happy with it. And you guys have always been on time with everything and
Martin’s iPhone: You know, had interest in not just seeing that also you know with the surveys with everything. So I give it a for
Magalie Marcellus: Again why care and medical expenses, the one we just want to make sure if there's something that we can assist with or anything that may be of concern that we know about it, you know, the, you know, the agency is able to address it.
Magalie Marcellus: Alright, so the last time we talked on there was any update with your son, your shoulders.
Magalie Marcellus: As they come back to
Magalie Marcellus: Know, getting contact with you.
Know,
Martin’s iPhone: I haven't seen him since that time. So, so far, nothing really
Martin’s iPhone: To report on the
Martin’s iPhone: Internet quote
Magalie Marcellus: I you less concern right now with them trying to come back to do anything, or is it the same thing.
Magalie Marcellus: An incident happened.
Martin’s iPhone: I don't know if he would ever come back to try to do anything.
Magalie Marcellus: Because I'm not something that was the concerns there.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: I mean as a
Martin’s iPhone: Turn that something might go wrong. Right now, you know,
Martin’s iPhone: I don't feel like I'm
Martin’s iPhone: I guess as word as I was that day that I maybe I seem a lot more concerned that day by offering concerned.
Martin’s iPhone: People, the ability to come into the house and fill those safer. Now, there may be
Martin’s iPhone: Something that hopefully would protect us, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: In terms of the weapon.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm
Magalie Marcellus: Going back and see. So with the nightmares. I think the better the same or
Martin’s iPhone: This past week. I haven't had
Martin’s iPhone: As many that I can remember being bad. So I guess been a good week.
Magalie Marcellus: And you're on a medication that was still kind on yours that happen bad for you.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, just seemed to help spurs asleep goes and maybe I'm getting a little bit more sleep right now. So that's how
Magalie Marcellus: I still struggling with the averages, which are getting medication or
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah I did go to the here, nose and throat doctor and after the
Martin’s iPhone: Surgery I'm decided my nose and on the back of my throat I have
Martin’s iPhone: BAD SHAPE TO MY follicular so now i'm not
Martin’s iPhone: As part of the reason I'm not able to swallow food great things sometimes
Martin’s iPhone: We get that maybe get that taken care of course. And so it's not something that's detrimental right now so you know to be a while before I get surgery and the one for my nose is because the side of my cavities crushed and they're going to
Magalie Marcellus: An injury there.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah but 10 years ago our guy broke my nose.
Magalie Marcellus: Your nose.
Magalie Marcellus: Is still one but they
Magalie Marcellus: Have to decide jury.
Martin’s iPhone: It probably needed some work done to it today happened and I didn't go
Martin’s iPhone: You know, get it taken care of.
Martin’s iPhone: Because that's just misshapen right here and
Martin’s iPhone: You can tell just by my nostrils. It's closed in on this side and
Martin’s iPhone: So when I tried to breathe in. So especially like with my nose with my mouth closed it messes my sleep up
Magalie Marcellus: Now did
Magalie Marcellus: Does it affect any smell anything like that and just
Martin’s iPhone: Be some breathing to makes it harder to breathe in, breathe out of both my nostrils and seem like it's sufficient amount of air.
Martin’s iPhone: Sometimes you're just breathe, you know, huff and puff
Martin’s iPhone: Into try to hopefully you know with the sinuses to that. That'll probably help to just open it up.
Magalie Marcellus: Make me feel better. The medication.
Magalie Marcellus: And any updates with the because I know everything was kind of put a whole any update with the sleep the sleep study
Martin’s iPhone: Know it's funny to hear, nose and throat doctor said he didn't notice anything abnormal
But
Martin’s iPhone: I don't know, maybe it's not something that
Magalie Marcellus: MEGAN Oh.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, you certainly
Magalie Marcellus: Need to have
Magalie Marcellus: That many. I mean, the surgery or some pebble
Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I have an appointment on the 30th, sorry, the 29th.
Martin’s iPhone: With arrowhead
Martin’s iPhone: I'll get a better idea.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah yeah
Magalie Marcellus: Alright, so then if you need extra surgery.
Magalie Marcellus: Issue with carpal tunnel.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, it's just
Magalie Marcellus: Not on us fellow just spending.
Martin’s iPhone: Um, I had, I went to the doctor and once you get the the results of the mg and he didn't have them. So I have to get them faxed over to him and then we go from there, but it's another thing the you know the carpal tunnel surgeries. Not something I'll be able to get for a while, either.
Magalie Marcellus: But that's not affecting your, your work right now, anything
Martin’s iPhone: Just makes my hands are
Martin’s iPhone: Most of the problems I'm having at night when I sleep.
Martin’s iPhone: Just feels like my circulation gets cut off from my upper arms, things like that. So,
Magalie Marcellus: So you have to take anything about this comfort.
Martin’s iPhone: Justin them morning I take Tylenol.
Martin’s iPhone: Neither does have to deal with it. I could take aspirin and, you know, things like that.
Martin’s iPhone: I don't take a lot of that.
Magalie Marcellus: And have you been around any of your anybody from your own cycle.
Magalie Marcellus: Substance and things like that.
Martin’s iPhone: Nope.
Martin’s iPhone: Been kind of lucky in the past couple months, you know, I really haven't had a problem with anybody or
Martin’s iPhone: In a manner. Yeah. Talk to me. My son fruit, but I was kind of our
Martin’s iPhone: Field circles around me anymore. So that's good.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Why are you staying away from them or not. We just not making contact with them because
Martin’s iPhone: One of them, they're not
Martin’s iPhone: Made it on talk would show and
Magalie Marcellus: You know x you to either from
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, I'm excited that
Magalie Marcellus: You're
Martin’s iPhone: Here you're done, you know, you don't need them to get drugs anymore and things like that.
Martin’s iPhone: Most of them have
Martin’s iPhone: Got you know the point and don't message me anymore. And if they do, you know, I just don't, I don't know. You know, I can't find anything for you. I don't want anything and
Martin’s iPhone: I haven't had a call like that in a couple of months, thank God, but
Martin’s iPhone: When I see people, you know, in the stores and things like that. They say, How are you doing, what are you doing, I see nothing. Just working every day and trying to stay clean and soon as you say that you know they pretty much steer away from you and it'll mess with this. Okay. Lucky
Magalie Marcellus: So you're able to resist any you know if they have any requests of US spending some time hanging on because sometimes you know
Magalie Marcellus: It could be just a friendly get together then lead. So something else.
Magalie Marcellus: You know, I'd expect them.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I haven't
Martin’s iPhone: I wanted togethers or anything that's that's part of avoiding it. Not going to the bars.
Martin’s iPhone: Not going to places faces and, you know, doing the same thing anymore.
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh.
Martin’s iPhone: My idea. Good night now is just coming home and
Martin’s iPhone: You know, making a good supper and watching a good movie and relax and
Magalie Marcellus: Have fun working so many hours we just your home.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: As
Magalie Marcellus: You say,
Magalie Marcellus: To dog. Yeah. Cool.
Martin’s iPhone: Work, not the landscaping in the garden.
Martin’s iPhone: Around here and
Martin’s iPhone: I built a another dirt box for the garden things
To build things
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, are you pretty crappy and hands on with that keeps him busy. Would you where you find time if you're working those are jobs.
Martin’s iPhone: Um, well, I mean, I just I just started back up doing that kind of stuff. So it's, it's not really hasn't hit me that much yet.
Magalie Marcellus: And hot
Magalie Marcellus: Girlfriend overall
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, she's working a lot. So, I mean, that's
Martin’s iPhone: You know, we don't see each other as often as we normally do, but
Martin’s iPhone: I try to get home before she goes to work. So I spent an hour to whether
If I can. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And was the son.
Martin’s iPhone: He spends most of his time at his dad's and that
Martin’s iPhone: Is grandpa's he hasn't been here for about almost a week now so
Martin’s iPhone: It's, it's me see 17 going to be going into the military and just really busy.
Martin’s iPhone: Oh really, yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: He would he wants. Now, you know,
Uh huh.
Magalie Marcellus: And I know one of the discussion where I last time was with my wanna that you, you know, some time with boredom and you're not as board right now was a busy. So any experience with that. That's what I finally met
Know,
Martin’s iPhone: We're busy. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So what would you say is your primary concerns right now.
Martin’s iPhone: I'm
Martin’s iPhone: Getting clean and clean physically and emotionally and
Martin’s iPhone: Staying healthy
Martin’s iPhone: Um, you know, the main goals are to keep the cars.
Martin’s iPhone: Air bills and you know just
Martin’s iPhone: I'm finally making progress on August. So I'm going to keep it going.
Magalie Marcellus: Has the has the condo, and I know the last time you had one maintenance and one of them.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, you run
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, both running and my needs new seat XO joints, but it's still drive
Martin’s iPhone: But that's my next part, I have to get as an axle.
Martin’s iPhone: hundred hundred and 50 bucks.
Magalie Marcellus: Gotcha, and
Magalie Marcellus: Any contact with the kids.
Martin’s iPhone: Just through messenger. I see high new every at least every couple of weeks on messenger. Sometimes they say I back in. Sometimes it's just, you know,
Martin’s iPhone: cold shoulder, but
Martin’s iPhone: You know goes up and goes as expected. I wasn't in their lives for a lot of their lives. So now I'm just kind of like the pop in father, I'm not really
Martin’s iPhone: The one to go
Magalie Marcellus: To
Martin’s iPhone: All the time. So,
Magalie Marcellus: Is that any one of the kids that
Magalie Marcellus: Maybe we can add back were which were which are not mortal that you're making a connection when
Martin’s iPhone: I talked to my daughter's a lot more than I do my son's
Martin’s iPhone: Course the incident with my son here. My son Noah.
Ryan.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, he's just kind of like that. I mean, he says hi to me. He thanked me for the Presidents on Christmas and things like that.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, one side, was it
Magalie Marcellus: Did yeah I don't want
Martin’s iPhone: I have two sons who
Magalie Marcellus: Are younger one
Martin’s iPhone: Know, they're only four months apart.
Martin’s iPhone: Oh really, yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: I was busy in my
Magalie Marcellus: Case sounds like a thing.
Magalie Marcellus: So,
Magalie Marcellus: I they both in Ohio, they define state.
Magalie Marcellus: Coming.
Martin’s iPhone: Grandma. Hey, can you give me one second. Okay.
Martin’s iPhone: Come in. OK. OK. I think I gotta go.
Martin’s iPhone: Hey, come on.
Magalie Marcellus: Any
Magalie Marcellus: Way.
Martin’s iPhone: I can somebody yeah forgot. They were coming
Magalie Marcellus: Oh,
Martin’s iPhone: You're a little early.
Magalie Marcellus: Hi, Dan.
Right, so
Magalie Marcellus: We love to schedule a time
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, if you want to do that for me. That'd be good.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, I no problem on and take over yourself. Well, we'll chat sometime in May. I'll send you the appointment. Okay.
Martin’s iPhone: Okay. Sounds good. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, thank you.